Remove support for Elasticsearch v5 and v6 #5439 (#5491)
jaegertracing/jaeger: plugin/storage/es/README.md

* have [ElasticSearch](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/setup.html) running on port 9200
* run `STORAGE=es make storage-integration-test` in the top folder.

> All integration tests also run on pull request via GitHub Actions. This integration test is against ElasticSearch v7.3.0 and v.8.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All integration tests also run on pull request via GitHub Actions. This integration test is against ElasticSearch v7.x and v8.x.
```
